"we've still got the dower house , and lincolnshire is lovely in may . ’"
my first real friend was probably a boy called adam .
she was wearing denim overalls and carrying a bucket and brush .
in the next year he had custody of rochester castle .
booking is essential for a cycle ride around wirral country park on sunday when the leader will be cheshire ranger barry jackson .
this expression is called the fundamental theorem of riemannian geometry .
"greg hocking was one of those rare people who drift into teaching and find themselves , to their own surprise , absolutely cut out for the job ."
on appointment to office a new minister will take over responsibility for many departmental policies .
"when rhun in his kindness lent an arm to raise him from his knees , he hung heavily still , clinging to his desperate humility ."
figure shows how the a-measure per unit area varies with radiometer reading .
in some pubs fake hand pumps serve gassy beer .
preliminary work began last september following the appointment of two countryside officers who are employed full time on the project .
"this is , of course , only a tendency , and the move away from local policemen to larger , centralised policing may reduce this effect ."
tod features another kind of dream in which he is a woman .
valuable coaching can often come from drama school tutors who can give a fair assessment of the possibilities you may have prior to auditioning .
"because simulated annealing is a stochastic algorithm , different runs of probeorder will not necessarily produce the same output probe order ."
"although the music was animated , only the arms moved ."
"but the report also blasts authority bosses for failing to control the activities of 58-year-old mr watney , who took early retirement last year ."
some would of course reply personally ( he had included postage ) .
"police are appealing for witnesses to the incident , which happened at 11am on monday in windsor street , toxteth ."
the surface need not be perfectly flat or smooth .
"there are 5,733 empty council houses , almost 2,000 of which have been empty for more than a year ."
heath ( 3.3 ) sums up one influential and long-established tradition in the study of class differences in education .
and his price — his price can be of enormous use .
"there was a significant improvement in the attendance of miners at the mansfield clinic , however , since this was much closer to their homes ."
‘ then maybe most of the faults were on my side .
gere and basinger star in the erotic thriller final analysis which warner home video will released into video libraries by october 18 .
"recently , concern has grown that michelangelo's ceiling of the sistine chapel in rome has been irreparably altered by the vatican conservation team ."
disillusion me and get my sympathy at the same time .
the horse shot out like an arrow from a bow . ’
the british horse society is anxious to find out why a third of them should have happened in this year alone .
"made with pertex fabrics and quallofil 7 filling , the kompakt lite weights only 1.2kg and , in its stuff sack , reduces to 7l ."
"in exceptional circumstances , your head of department will not apply the withdrawal clause if there is a reasonable explanation for failure to notify ."
"‘ goodness me , who on earth can that be ? ’"
small specimens are sometimes confused with synodontis petricolor .
"they called us out into the stadium too early and it was hot , very hot ."
"the review copy is a solid black , but the basic model comes oil-finished ."
"in their bedroom something crashed to the floor , which immediately woke one of the twins who began to howl ."
wanting a man who was such a louse .
this essential motion can not take place except in a liquid medium .
upper stowe was once called butter stowe because the london carrier collected butter here .
the induction of adhesion of particular t-cell subsets by specific cytokines would make the process of lymphocyte recruitment more flexible and selective .
‘ if i'd been in your shoes i'd have walked right out on him . ’
"‘ but it was lost — walls were built over it , the paper had disintegrated . ’"
"you can visit the village — it has a pub , beach and a shop — then retrace your steps through the woods to reach the saints' way ."
he's amongst the qualifiers for the lancome trophy at paris .
"‘ steal for you ? ’ he answered laura's astonished protest , ‘ i'd do time ."
the previous maximum flue length for the 10.5kw and 18kw output boilers was three metres .
"rising slowly like an automaton , she made her way over to the counter and picked up the receiver ."
has he really offered you the job back ?
"they were like cogs working together , fitting into place when and where they were needed ."
"agnes , now fully dressed , went into the hall ."
"supplement per person per night £135 for the first night , £105 each additional night ( minimum 2 persons ) ."
"you should obtain a certificate of posting , which is available free of charge at the counter ."
the modernization and industrialization of nineteenth century britain changed the population map .
pallister's rivals are : steve bruce ( manchester united ) ; stuart pearce ( nottingham forest ; paul mcgrath ( aston villa ) ; gary lineker ( spurs ) ; ray houghton ( liverpool ) .
‘ this shows the company didn't learn anything from this lesson .
"here we have an uninterrupted view of the prospect , and what a glorious prospect it is , stretching far away for many miles on every hand ."
"two years before , two ta soldiers met at an army open day ."
orthodox judaism continues to teach an elaborate separation of the menstruating woman from contact with the men of her family .
a recent architectural survey revealed problems at the 60-year-old salutation church in salutation road .
the fireplace in question was set into a huge thick wall that partly divided the main room .
"it is a brave move to start afresh in a garden , and a sure test of one's design talents ."
"liverpool won early popularity as a result of britain's military victories in the peninsula , just as mr major's reputation was enhanced by the gulf war ."
the eec has banned bst until further research has been completed .
this deliberate emphasis on the young people's unreliable and hurtful past relationships poses a dilemma for residential workers .
‘ as far as i can see we can either go for dersingham or for the man himself .
distinction is drawn between existence of licence and its ceasing to have effect .
turn them into public gardens and you create an attraction instead of an eyesore .
mr hawke last week repeated his support for the airlines recruiting new pilots overseas and re-hiring their former pilots on individual contracts .
"in february , councillors refused to allow a variation of the hours ."
"nine schools in three midlands leas , will be identified for in-depth study , following a questionnaire survey ."
"it is when the claim to neutrality is seen , as it must be , as a sham that damage is done to the judicial system ."
"some of the trees , the vegetation and the animals were mechanical creations of mirage enterprises ."
"i say he because that is what i think of , though it could be they or even she ."
"they are scripted for ncr system 3000 , sun , hp decstation and ibm hosts ."
"the sequel arises from hook's barrie-esque determination to usurp another man's family , and from the modern man's fear of the child within himself ."
he looked from one tired face to another .
invite the person closest to you to give you some honest feedback on the degree of diplomacy you exhibit .
there is little scope and seemingly no consideration for a contract by the valuer as principal .
"‘ oh , it's not so bad , ’ charles offered feebly ."
"and the programme ended as it dropped onto the fire to a chorus from the rest of alf's family of ‘ unclean , unclean ’ ."
john taylor was an itinerant craftsman who came from oxford in 1839 to recast the church bells at loughborough .
‘ what are you going to do next about tweed ? ’
"be flexible , if necessary suggest that more time should be devoted to an item at a separate meeting ."
it was originally published by the american company houghton mifflin ) .
for the truth is that no single agent affects our planet as much as we do .
glass exploded and shattered all around it as the storm wind and rain blasted down the corridor at them .
lay participation in the running of the service was reduced ; in its place community health councils were created to represent the public .
"the borrowers , mr and mrs clothier , had a £225,000 advance on their home in silverdale avenue , walton-on-thames ."
rachel sat in tense silence beside the detestable damian flint .
"fat couples in vacation plaids , bouncing about like toddlers in the low g and cooing over the moondirt souvenir jewellery ."
the presidential council initially appeared designed to supplant the cpsu central committee politburo as the main centre of political decision making in the soviet union .
the hon. gentleman said that the proposal was half-baked .
the transporters are designed to withstand accidents and until recently the govenrment ruled out any possibility of a radioactive leak .
i knew that there had to be a wound : she had not been drowned or strangled or poisoned .
we are firmly committed to equal treatment for men and women in pensions .
the poison is seldom dangerous but anyone who has accidentally trodden on a sea-urchin while bathing knows how painful the swelling can be .
luckily for us simple folk the game plot is very straight forward .
"they will report to a board headed by sir robert telford , chairman of marconi , a subsidiary of the ubiquitous gec group ."
"let us take the motion of a and b to be non-relativistic , so that ."
the cessation of hostilities was agreed in principle .
a training allowance and travelling expenses for the 16 weeks of the programme .
"consider the different cell types , such as muscle , skin , gut , and nerve ."
bridget reported that the numbers for the easter course were much lower than at the previous courses held at avery hill .
"single room £4.00 per night , extra night £16.00 per night"
"( 13 ) , who similarly were unable to detect a p3a + α subunit transcript in muscle of chicken , calf or mouse , mouse thymus or torpedo electric organ ."
‘ because the area round cullbridge is awfully rich in rare species .
"in a cold , late spring it may prove difficult to graze off the rye in time to work up a good tilth for mangolds ."
"we thoroughly enjoy dogs today and try to pass on all the right things to do to our present scallywag , monty , but he's not impressed ."
you'll receive a distinctive personalised club card with which you can claim you air miles at participating shell stations .
‘ the idea is to make it easier and try to get a good picture of how they feel about their own health .
"in almost all investigations of any size , one investigator can be occupied full time taking statements during the first few days after the accident ."
"right now , kendall is not back at the aristocratic everton he knew seven years ago ."
"australia would be happy if the accord led to the reopening of the panguna copper mine , one of the world's biggest ."
it is forecast to fall to 15% in april .
"despite net assets up 35% to £458 million at stanhope , the city is unimpressed with the sector ."
because a source less abundant and less generous than this river had dried up ?
"the c and ku bands , 4ghz to 6ghz and 11ghz to 14ghz respectively , are now heavily used ."
these aspects of political choice are still important but less so now than in the past .
she made you look a bit of a fool in front of anyone else who was watching .
"if so , they hadn't expended much on a decent script ."
what was that odd note in nick's voice ?
"pam and errol have two children , aged 13 and 16 ."
what about learning how to change things for the better rather than merely learning to adapt to the way things are now ?
"‘ it was thought — everyone assumed — she would marry in her turn , and that would be the end of it ."
the personnel manager studied resource management at college and joined the company as a line manager .
much now depends on how active a role the us is prepared to play to chivvy israel along to respond to the egyptian proposals .
"‘ sometimes i wonder how he passed his 0-levels , ’ daddy said as we crawled over the cobbles and out of the village ."
"at the houses of parliament , the cry goes up : ‘ burn it down . ’"
this is more representative of the nature of r&d projects than is the single date often given as the result of a pert plan .
"these involve much more open and distance learning and the creation by photocopying and electrocopying , of ‘ customised ’ packs of materials for students ."
it seemed impossible that anyone could survive in the middle of that storm of blades .
"when women were given artificial moonlight for three consecutive nights once a month , their cycles became synchronised to the lunar rhythm ."
"admittedly , he was not driven by the same devoutly mercenary ambitions of some of his colleagues and sought artistic satisfaction wherever possible ."
with snow in plentiful supply we have a special section in this issue for those of you who want to get off the piste .
"in other words the generalist administrator calls upon the economists , the statisticians , etc. for information but it is the generalist who is ‘ on top ’ ."
"‘ long enough to know my own worth , ’ gina retorted , irritated by the sardonic gleam in his eyes ."
"you're afraid , both of you , that i might discover mom isn't dead at all , aren't you ? ’"
the sorp recommends the same for local authorities and gives examples of accounting policies to be commented on .
"having decided he must again race the tide , he began a desperate cumbersome run along the edge of the trough towards the breakwater ."
the birds could pose a serious health risk for people who eat them in north africa and southern europe .
"after a month , the pain began to ease slightly and lisa was able to get up to her own room with janet's help ."
"these problems , coupled with the conservative government's free market philosophy , led to a move back towards more market related official rates in the early 1980s ."
"the goodwill figure in such cases can be derived from the average net profit margin per gallon , multiplied by the daily throughput ."
"he also had claims to be considered a genuine all-rounder , having played many attacking innings in the lower middle order ."
"it was a naturally sheltered basin , a trick of the undulating meadows along the comer ."
"the course offers basic all round training in communication theory , particularly geared to the african context ."
"then , slowly at first , he began to prepare the little boy for this possible destiny ."
"my german worked like a dream , like a brilliant robot you switch on and stand back and admire as it does all the hard work ."
jess — her blunt nose coming in contact with samson's hand as she coiled round — bit him .
a good deal gives me the feeling that i have been for a nice seven-day trip to the bahamas . ’
"it is excellent for skiing since lateral jumping movements can be used , the calves get well stretched and you also develop posture , balance and co-ordination ."
the biggest area where the renault scores is comfort and equipment .
"any earlier wheel-pit on this site could however , either have been demolished and rebuilt , or enlarged to take the new wheel ."
along their flanks are arrays of proprioceptors which in part act like external arteries .
north harbour coach brad meurant said : ‘ everybody helped their mates .
"this year marks and spencer has leapt to the top slot , shell is now second and glaxo third ."
"highly explosive eruptions of gas-charged magma originating in the upper mantle produce small , shallow craters called maars ."
risk of change in the expected rate of long-term growth of the economy .
she stood outside the lifts in the hospital's main entrance with other visitors .
a similar picture emerges in relation to the distribution of gross earnings among female manual workers .
solicitors and suitably qualified fellows of the institute of legal executives .
such an order had to be laid before parliament and was there debated on 6 december 1977 .
"‘ yes , well , i always thought augustine was a bit simplistic in his ideas , ’ said william , waspishly , as if he was talking about a rival academic ."
the origins of brazil's export success in military trainers and small civilian aircraft were quite different .
"to my officers , it says why should we bother ."
her royal highness travelled in an aircraft of the queen's flight and was attended by mrs harry cotterell .
in the last two years of the war i was in orbit visiting every station and squadron in my endless quest for pathfinders .
the ec does not concern itself with national health or education policies .
"the leader makes all the decisions and issues instructions , expecting them to be obeyed without question ."
"our investigative researchers ventured into the centre of london to find out if high street shops are dog-friendly and if they're not , why not ?"
now i understand why they paid macaulay culkin $3 million — he earned it .
it is to such character string formats that we now turn .
"‘ he has been with me too , brother , ’ tundrish replied simply ."
"he had registered with warm approval the tears of antiochus iii , when the rebel achaeus was brought to him """" bound hand and foot """" ( 8.20.9 ) ."
"of 18 patients who were alive at short term follow up ( mean ( range ) 19.4 ( 10–33 ) months ) , 14 were still alive in 1992 ( 69 ( 61–83 ) months ) ."
the second approach can be a very productive strategy in a foreign language too .
"he took the gun and went to the door , checking that the horse and cart were still safely tethered ."
"i did not know how many species of trees there were , maybe more than 1,000 ."
"front sash window , original fireplace , built in single wardrobes , radiator , power points , stripped wooden floors ."
"the global level of hiv infection was expected to rise to 15-20,000,000 by 2000 , of which at least three-quarters would be in the developing world ."
the result has been to destroy much of the progress in health care over the years preceding each dispute .
"woil's escape was over , and it had all taken less than a minute and a half ."
laughter gleamed in his eyes as he met her belligerent stare .
"they were only minutes from the railway station , the service was frequent ."
"perhaps most significantly of all , three of boxing's all-time greats — ali , robinson and armstrong — were born into comfortable circumstances ."
"the halifax building society , where the bombers had placed their device , is now a heap of rubble ."
there's no other catalogue quite like the oxfam christmas catalogue .
"‘ unless there are more resources pumped in , this is going to happen , ’ she said ."
it was a way of thinking and behaving .
"‘ yes , ’ she said briefly , and for a few moments they studied each other ."
"on a slow surface , both sets of bowlers bowled straight , and the batsmen were loath to take risks to break up their line ."
the parts of the statute are arranged in three groups .
"strangely , his only international appearance was for the english against the scottish league in 1914 ."
it's saturday night and they may not come .
throughout the discussions information provided by the other sites is kept confidential .
in a number of instances reminders were required ( both written and by telephone ) .
"as montagu ( 1976 ) has stated again and again , the social activity of war need have no relationship with the inner state of aggression ."
"that , then , is the theory — but how does it work out in practice ?"
"however , things can look rather different from the angle of those just above the exemption limit ."
"repeating what they hear , women on the right claim that something called """" salvadorean democracy """" is in danger ."
table i summarises the clinical features of these patients .
"further information from s. s. langer , rsc , burlington house , piccadilly , london w1v 0bn ."
"the jarisch-herxheimer reaction , usually shortened to the ‘ herxheimer ’ reaction , follows the initial dose of treatment of syphilis in a proportion of cases ."
ideally this will not be necessary if those who send them have a vision for and support the work financially .
"looking around the room , at the old , worn furniture , i realized that herbert must be very poor ."
they will be joined by john tierney and john kerr .
yet the trophy sits in jim's office at peel park and will stay there .
homology searches of the leeds and swiss protein data bases failed to detect any significant similarity with any other protein .
‘ it could have something to do with angy's murder .
"ranchers , who see themselves as the guardians of the west , say that grazing generates economic stability and feeds the nation ."
this man was buried here in the fourth century .
"they start to question , and they start to dream . ’"
a water softener works on the principle of ‘ ion exchange ’ .
"steve jones ( he speaks specifically about jones' zealous christianity ) : """" a lot of people are simply uncomfortable with some people's """" over-religiosity """" or whatever you call it ."
"he looked up at athelstan , his face beaming with pride ."
we want to give the children positive memories which they can draw on during the difficult times at home to build a better country .
‘ the plo tried to sabotage the departure of the muslims .
"motorola gets the gloves off in battle with its old rival , prices powerpc priced to beat pentium"
"mutalibov told izvestiya , from his hiding place in russia , that the charges were political persecution ."
"my proposition , i assure you , would be to our mutual benefit . ’"
only in john's gospel does he make one curious and profoundly interesting statement .
they were returning from a day's repair and construction work at an army base in omagh .
"inside the top hotels all is first world ordered calm : state-of-the-art swimming pools , satellite television and chocolates on the pillow at night ."
it seems strange to extend the hand of friendship and economic co-operation to the same countries that we are threatening with mass extermination .
"the buildings were transformed rather successfully into a gallery for bohemian art by františek cubr and josef pilar , in the 1960s ."
but the other part cried out against the mere idea of her being someone else's wife .
these problems or investigations are expected to be diverse .
between august 1975 and december 1978 the cos-b satellite observed 2cg342–02 on five occasions and catalogued it as the tenth-strongest γ -ray source .
"not like a saturday night at all though , not really . ’"
hopeful for what he will not miss when it fails
and what would you have done if schemichal got hold of you and threw you off the pitch like last night ?
i should add that in argument he also invited my attention to paragraph 5(7) and i will refer to that :
"once i was pleased with the bottom group i copied it , as a mirror image , at the top of the picture ."
"from then , the path to the double helix was clear ."
sun is also preparing its scorpion eight-way sparc desktop machine for launch at the sunworld show on may 11 .
therefore political and economic accounting of the costs and benefits of soil conservation programmes for others outside the directly affected areas is potentially relevant .
does he further agree that there is a need to reopen neighbourhood police stations and to put more emphasis on community policing ?
a fortnight later edward sealed the text and issued it to all sheriffs .
"since then , it has been as keenly followed as many full-length tv programmes ."
questionnaires sent by post are not returned and interviews are refused .
"the operation will eventually involve more than 35,000 troops from at least nine countries ."
ui will no longer be just a requirements body or a marketing arm for usl .
before explaining how to tackle a course race it is worth looking at what makes one sailor go faster than another .
only there was nowhere else she could go .
"though his features looked as if they'd been carved from stone , in the depths of his gaze something stirred ."
"on both topics , however , the status quo has changed radically compared to 1979 ."
these percentages were not uniform across the country : local specialities dictated what was available .
"‘ i can't hear anything , ’ said the chaplain angrily ."
‘ we may never know the exact number of deaths .
these were rejected on april 17 and 18 respectively .
"women , art and society is a synthesis of work that has been progressing for twenty years about women and the visual arts ."
at his own expense he established no less than twenty-two charity schools in pembrokeshire alone .
soil deformation during a quake could bend pipelines as though they were strands of copper wire .
within a few days of his election he already knew that the way to realize this ‘ new pentecost ’ was an ecumenical council .
to follow jesus as his disciples means that we too face opposition to living like him .
his wheels ran into the wet turf and the whole machine crumpled and fell to its knees like an animal shot in the chest .
"jenna stopped and faced him angrily , but before she could speak he tilted her face with a strong brown hand ."
next day one of 252 squadron's newly-arrived beaufighters ( t3237 ) was mistaken for a ju88 while on a local flight .
"carrington watched the sea for the first two hours , enchanted by the scandinavian night , then went to sleep ."
it was originally recorded as a cot death and there was no inquest but there will now be an inquest .
"the pictorial composition of your shots is one of those areas where rules have grown up which , though seemingly arbitrary , actually work well in practice ."
it was a far cry from the golden court of the city of the horizon . ’
"‘ political in the sense that if i threw this glass of water over you in an interview , that would be a political act ."
"‘ so you're going solo now , ’ said the victim , fumbling for her smokes again ."
here are ten assorted uses for this book ;
"‘ still in deep , old michael , i should imagine ."
"one sports injury on the increase is sportsman's , or gilmore's groin which occurs when tendons in the groin tear due to excessive stretching and twisting ."
"the main difference between sections 18 and 20 lies in the fault element , and it is a considerable difference ."
"ideal for a small flat , the washer/dryer is as sophisticated as the one in the main house's utility room ."
robbie saw now that he was a clergyman .
"the deputy chairman of the council of ministers , boris shcherbina , forbade evacuation of the countryside around chernobyl until a government commission had arrived from moscow ."
"the weekend was associated with an increase in volatility , in accordance with expectations ."
all she had to do was get a good night's sleep .
a town farm is ploughing ahead with fundraising schemes to help handicapped people and plans to roof in a riding area for the disabled .
"‘ all credit to gavin gave me the ball in the end , with a little persuasion ."
the first drafts of the prelude were written in germany during the winter of 1798–9 .
soldiers will no longer be given free cigarettes .
they came to the kind of unspoken understanding real twins enjoy .
"‘ harbury's the crime man , ’ said a voice , ‘ what's his opinion ? ’"
dustin's neat beatle cut is slightly tousled and there is a close-up of a mole on his right shoulder .
"by the late 1940s there was a wider range of prepackaged grocery lines available , and improvements had been made in the quality of packaging ."
"after the starkly factual ‘ headpiece filled with straw ’ comes that most absurdly poetic word of all , indicating the speaker's weakness ."
‘ i thought it was some weirdo and when i asked who was calling the voice yelled : ‘ it's me ! ’
"‘ i shouldn't , ’ the attendant said , but then smiled broadly ."
"‘ well , it's not a bad idea , is it ?"
"the beauty of glass , he wrote , is this , that the surface does not have to be covered ."
the cougar mould was last used about 8 years ago and is past its best ; he suggests the mirage is similar to the cougar .
"‘ i'd better have a word , ’ said the brigadier , withdrawing his head and opening the door ."
some slogans and ideas from the ‘ democracy wall movement ’ of 1978–79 received another brief hearing during these days .
"the metropolitan police settled in the high court the damages claim of cameraman mr anthony walsh , whose spine was injured during the wapping dispute ."
"‘ if i get another couple of shillings out of it , haven't i earned them ?"
‘ we have a tail already locked on to tweed .
"he turned , stiff and cold , to see an anxious young man , blond cropped hair , worried eyes and pock-marked face ."
a durable well constructed store is therefore indicated .
"fill gaps , identify queries and note points for immediate follow up ."
and he blows the smoke back into my mouth .
"the genetic spray was described as a very exciting development by another of the team's scientists , dr julia dorin ."
"the old highways yard in rigby road with its railway connection , seemed to offer an ideal site ."
"jodami and rushing wild jumped the last together , and jodami found the vital extra gear to edge away ."
is it possible to see private affluence co-existing with corporate poverty ?
"one of jay's drawled phrases , as she pubbed and clubbed and waded through hung-over mornings of coffee and endless cigarettes , was ‘ i'm a night-owl , honey . ’"
villagers fight to block sale of ancient common
there are various ways in which a recovery can be obtained : —
"‘ by the road , it seems a long way , but i need only to walk a kilometre across the fields beyond the farm ."
and notes from underground is precisely such a fable of disembodied consciousness .
we got our film crew and sat robin down in front of our rushes .
"conservative candidate robert goodwill , has written to labour's marjorie mowlam asking her to clarify her personal position on the nuclear defence capability of the country ."
"the arab masses , indignant at the western humiliation of saddam hussein , were expected to rise up against their pro-western leaders ."
some of america's most powerful men are worried sick after the theft of an address book belonging to new york's most notorious madam .
"neil cossons , the director of the science museum , is confident the old numbers can be restored ."
"however , students taking resit examinations for exceptional reasons , such as an examination missed through illness , are usually allowed to count the full marks earned ."
"it would be a good exercise to compare this electrical system with the purely acoustic string telephone in part 1 ( november , 1991 issue ) ."
aid trip gives pupils a lesson in third world poverty and fear
"she noticed his fingers were trembling , and her anger faded , replaced instead by a wild and optimistic hope ."
"in the jargon of quantum mechanics , this choice of behaviour is called the statistics obeyed by the particle ."
"you can format your spreadsheet manually , or design your own speedformat routine ."
"he came to an arrangement with two more actors , gave the camera crews some private pocket money and turned the film over to his assistants ."
celia almost welcomed the idea of going to work .
"i can only suppose that my name had respectable associations , and he thought it might allay criticism in what might be called athenaeum circles ."
"‘ earth to earth , ashes to ashes , dust to dust … ’"
"‘ it so happened that no 5 air school was not far away from the mine where churchill hid during the boer war , ’ clifford recalls ."
"i enjoy working things out with numbers , e.g. how much wallpaper or carpet i need to buy"
"not only will the test be easier in the future , but it should also be cheaper too ."
i then turned the picture round and completed the other two sides .
"if so , could they share the knowledge with us ?"
u2 last night unveiled their stunning new video interference at a spectacular bash at london's planetarium …
but mr. leggatt hoped that the lack of space for burials would not lead to restrictions in the future .
"my social worker who gave me advice asked if i wanted adoption or fostering , and i said fostering ( it was a white family ) ."
the results clearly show a high prevalence of oesophagitis in the adult asthmatic population .
"for this reason it was really only suited to the manufacture of plywood , for which it was immensely successful ."
but i guess they have got something to point to if they've built good roads and railways and so on .
‘ can you name the disciples ? ’ asked one journalist .
"tom-frode , odd-knut and tony wait for us to arrive ."
the white lines show the body's electric force which energy-giving crystals can tune into
one of the american networks wants to do a television interview .
"guinness provides financial support to organisations engaged in medical research , health , youth , environment and conservation , employment and enterprise trusts , education and the arts ."
"a gang of muslim extremists believed her story , and the results were dire ."
"the rain which would turn their campground to mud , and fill the cisterns of famagusta ."
questions can be asked by the speaker ( see below ) or the player who has just thrown ( or would have just thrown )
"the second limiting factor was less immediate , but of greater potential impact ."
"once the nest is completed , the male sets off in search of a female ."
of them revealed that they had been the victims of marital rape .
the government has plans to reverse the process by reforestation and investment in projects of sustained development .
he does not deign to compare the british and the french railways .
"lay the child on his back , turn his head and remove any debris in his mouth with your finger ."
"strach may be 37 , but who gives a shit really ?"
"in return , the church cut a somewhat uncertain figure ."
however it is almost certain that the offer will be rejected .
"mr stolpe said east germans had recently discovered their power , and mr krenz had not succeeded in restoring the leadership's credibility ."
"smiling , harry put the letter back in its envelope ."
leicestershire is the only county to account for its distributions from the tccb on a cash as opposed to an accruals basis .
"it'll look great on the beach , as an evening top under a pretty blouse or under a jacket for work ."
"they also read representative works in traditional and modern chinese history , literature , philosophy and religion ."
"if you'd prefer a sleek , brass finish , the brass dream fire by valor is a good choice and costs about £399 ."
"‘ if you did that , then it is just about the greatest miracle a person has ever performed since the time of jesus . ’"
"she kicked something in the gloom , and stopped briefly to pick it up ."
"‘ i'm just back from india , ’ he announced importantly ."
it is the sort of place where you find a different object of interest every time you go back .
"mclaren keeps his own counsel , being as reticent as ferguson is gregarious ."
she'd made one final attempt on the archdeacon before departing .
air show : the famous red arrows are to provide a grand finish to the southport air show .
"add the grated orange rind and juice , eggs , sugar , cornflour and ginger ."
"a path led up from where they stood , its stone flags worn and broken , its progress hidden here and there by moss and weed ."
if there's a younger referee than me it'll prove that someone has got real guts .
"the mannikin ran in front of cranston , jumping up and down ."
r4 this morning says don howe is another likely candidate to take us into the new year .
it is one of the ways in which the spirit evokes prayer in the people of the messiah .
such fundamentals should be the same for all .
sega owners are bigger in the trouser department .
"i'm just sick of reporters tramping in and out , wanting to know her business ."
or if you went into her kitchen and interfered .
"however , by 1976 , local councils in east london were able to publicize the advantages of their areas to industrialists ."
"it may be the detailed description and prices of merchandise , details of a complaint , ideas for a new product , or whatever ."
"japanese banks operating in london accounted for 28.5% of total lending from london in 1991 , american banks 15% , and other banks 40.7% ."
"‘ i'm dying for a cup of tea , ’ charlie announced ."
and are hoping for a twickenham meeting with either kidderminster carolians or hitchin in the finals .
"this is an appeal by swansea city council against a decision of judge michael evans q.c. , given in swansea county court on 6 february 1991 ."
who was elsie and what had happened to her ?
"she stared into his eyes , and saw the suppressed hunger there , and her heart seemed to contract then swell inside her ."
"a sense of well-being , of transformation and enlightenment , penetrates to the very marrow of his bones ."
"— one of the control sample respondents possessed all three traits , and one-quarter two out of three ."
wonder why you — but mibbe i should thank ma
"a somewhat thicker book , the bernese alps details the important region skirted by the previous book ."
"booming out of speaker boxes perched on the kerb , thundering from bars and shops , every corner has its own sound system ."
young people's knowledge about the harmful effects of smoking is considerable ; those who take up smoking are not doing so purely out of ignorance .
tandem's annual revenues grew by 24 per cent to $1.6 billion .
gwyneth dunwoody stated that we were secretly dismantling the health service and roy hattersley muttered about contracting out old people like refuse collection .
could a man who deserted his wife and child for another woman get off free without scars ?
"if the french should take them and see them directed to such noted men , they might take care to send them to them ."
"the cats protection league bazaar , parliament room , royal baths assembly rooms , crescent road ."
"their discoveries have worrying implications for the 600,000 people thought to have been affected by the release of radiation ."
"it brings the twittering children , and the birds ,"
"the consequences of this latter factor have been to at times lead to the definition of community care as ‘ non-hospital care ’ ( parker , 1990 ) ."
"viol tried to flag down another , but the driver ignored him ."
"graphically oriented programming tools , application programming interfaces and cross-application macro facilities will also be offered ."
"thirdly , uncertainty now surrounds the future of the industry ."
"had he not , as everyone knew , single-handedly raised and led an arab army against the turks ?"
the closest cooperation between the allocation officers and each unit manager is essential both in devising the plan and in the scheduling of holidays .
"‘ there is no robust critique , no convincing body of evidence , no sign of learning from a decade of failure ."
survival time was defined as the period between surgery and death .
"mr tadgell , 32 , rented a flat in australia with joanna as she progressed from a cleaner to a waitress at the casino ."
"the daurog moved about their business , eyeing tallis with the same shivering caution as the evening before ."
"mr jenks marched along the corridor , glaring wrathfully about him , and the children fell back on both sides without a murmur ."
"your detective of the detective story , of course , went about seeking information ."
so you're working on a peer-group political model of photography and meaning ?
the directives had no application to parliamentary proceedings or elections and allowed reported speech .
crystal thought berg was a newspaper reporter and she assured rain : ‘ i didn't spoil your story by telling him mi something killed macquillan . ’
"another street , also running approximately north-south , lay between it and ryknild street ; the branch north of the tiddington road"
i congratulate you on the unambiguity of your situation .
"‘ if you wish to avail yourself of the bathroom facilities , feel free ."
"the idea is to increase people's knowledge about the strength of drinks and weekly limits , and the link between drinking and health and fitness ."
"when the indians went hunting , whether for animals or for rival indians , their firepower was deadly ."
"facts speak for themselves , but only if executives are prepared to listen , are prepared to be convinced ."
in the preceding decade london and other large metropolitan cities recorded massive population losses ; medium-sized cities either lost people or experienced only slow growth .
‘ after the demise of our great team in ‘ 86 we were building sand castles for a while — they were collapsing all the time .
amiss was stunned by the courtesy and curiously uplifted to find that not everyone in this establishment was like colonel fagg .
one in every six trees in switzerland is showing signs of ill-health — double the level recorded eight years ago .
left : painter and decorator kevin barton latched into this early 2 lb 14 oz plaice during a session at lepestone point in hampshire .
it has been estimated that 65 per cent of the deals are spot and the remainder are forward deals .
"as the mobs gathered , an assistant military attache asked andrew about the pipe-playing episode in reykjavik ."
this was a necessity to qualify for a later call to the bar .
"‘ here he comes , look out for this guy . ’"
‘ i hope you ain't gon na have a fit .
he could not go through it all again .
‘ will you help us find out what happened ? ’
the distinction between equity and equality in the distribution and use of social services is crucial to the debate on health inequalities .
after i had my tea i would go to bed .
"the comprehensive tour included barley purchase , intake , laboratory , steeping , germination , kilns and malt dispatch ."
"after all , he had managed to defeat the system and was in sole command of a small military unit ."
i think about g.p. holding me and caressing me .
"‘ i didn't want to be a superstar , i just wanted to be able to play well ."
"lloyd's register , the largest ship registration organisation , is being sued in america over a ship fire that killed 159 people two years ago ."
"this is not to deny , of course , that crime and violence in contemporary society is an important social reality ."
"the administrative structure of partnerships , with its heavy emphasis on co-ordinating different agencies , would in any case tend to inhibit the unorthodox ."
we walked solemnly around gloucester in and out of the cathedral precincts while he told me about his childhood .
"by comparison , companies in the 20-50 jobs bracket suffer from neglect , they say ."
within a few days of writing my planning notes a reasonable ( by uk standards ) day dawned .
"whether this autoantibody has direct pathogenic importance , as in wegener's granulomatosis , remains to be determined ."
"the incident received widespread television and press publicity , and prompted a civil rights march on 24 august from coalisland to dungannon ."
"it contains a general index to magazine features , a recipe index and an index to recipes in our popular , step-by-step cookery series , secrets of success ."
anglers are blaming pollution for a fall in the numbers of fish in some sections of the rivers severn and avon .
"robin child absolutely refuses to grade , and when o-levels gave way to gcse with all its internal coursework and marking , he rejected it ."
does awareness of rates of obstetric interventions change practice ?
"synergie ultra-gentle eye make-up remover with extract of rose , is a light oil-free lotion with soothing properties , £2,99/200ml ."
"stewart and tait were more aware of the degradation of energy , moral as well as physical , and thus of the impermanence of the world ."
this rule is subject to a number of exceptions ( see chapter 5 ) .
malcolm is collecting old 10p pieces on behalf of his daughter for the kidney transplant association .
we are grateful to ken byron for setting up a much needed journal in drama and dance education .
cycling was also definitely related to gastro-oesophageal reflux .
"true to this tone , tom's tape is scientific analysis as opposed to bedtime bogeyman stories ."
"as was suggested in argument , that would indeed be to swallow the elephant and strain at the gnat ."
"in desperation i took a typing course and moved fifty miles down the road to here , to the first job which would have me ."
at relevant moments dr banda waves his fly whisk .
both were former members of the left-wing extremist red army faction ( raf ) .
but anyway ’ — her tone changed again — ‘ i'm grateful to you for your help . ’
"stokesley , indeed , possessing neither trade nor manufacturers , has no appearance of bustle or business , and is a place well adapted to retirement . ’"
"although it is less damaging than the removal of bulbs and plants , consistent seed snatching can still effectively wipe out a species from a locality ."
"tickets from sgt gordon parkin ( telephone 091567–6155 , ext. 6331 ."
"you think i'm joking about the porsche , don't you ?"
they expressed their fury with the godly in lewd ballads that echo through underdown's story .
religion : christianity ( bulgarian orthodox church ) ; islam practised by large turkish and smaller pomak minorities .
"‘ there's no black dog here , ’ said the doctor ."
"learning a manipulative skill , such as typing , takes hours ."
our communal phone is on the hallway wall by the front door .
"‘ they say you are a known homosexual ; we believe it , ’ added a third ."
a balanced calcium intake today means a healthier you tomorrow
"‘ i thought i might go to america and help the anti-draft students around the army camps , ’ he said ."
other people apart from yourself and the candidate who may need to be taken into account when fixing a schedule are :
her mouth had formed the words before she realised .
water temperature : the usual temperature range of 72°–76°f .
the first is a surface sore which starts off as a red mark .
"we are really struggling at this point in time , thinking , ‘ what are we doing , what are we about ? ’"
i don't think chris and the band know each other well enough at the time .
"‘ donna , i said we should call the police ."
his description of their encounter conforms to the usual descriptions with the general's immense sense of presence and concomitant dramatic side-effects .
"it likes damp , moist , airless places with a slightly more alkaline ph than is normally found in the vagina ( normally slightly acid ) ."
bongwater's ann magnuson carries the incandescent incense stick for the even ; kim gordon's a carcinogenic zippo on full flame .
but did you know that the preposterous programme had a ‘ did you know ’ section that in the currency of football trivia proved rather less fraudulent .
"now that she was looking closely , she realised that most of the rooms in the house had two doors ."
"if sources of income are not all taxed at equal rates , there is obviously an incentive to convert income into the untaxed form ."
"they both drank , conscious that it had been a long afternoon , and shelley at least was thirsty ."
"what happens if bruce or pallistar gets injured , have they any ( decent ) cover ."
but with his mother arrested it was now up to him to take charge of the rebellion in poitou .
"but who knows , the illustrious mr punch may yet ride again at some time in the future ."
‘ could that be pronounced barry by any chance ? ’
he takes to it as a duck takes to water .
average household size has decreased from 3.09 in 1961 to 2.55 in 1987 and will continue to decline ( table 2.6 ) .
the form by which the dialogue is represented is the one that best fits the mood and subject of the dialogue .
she had come to england from berlin in the 1930s and had begun her studies at central school of arts and crafts .
‘ i'm tired of hearing complaints from the cook .
being one of prince's chosen women has its drawbacks .
"at least ferdinando now knew a great deal of english , whatever she had said to pen to make him feel important ."
"as though he remembered his manners , he looked an invitation at nicandra ."
"‘ act two — beginners please , ’ said a tremulous voice from outside the door ."
coming and going — there had been too much of that .
"sow seed outdoors in spring , or divide the plants in spring , and allow 60cm ( 2ft ) between plants ."
"this has now been cut from to 3% 6.7% , but according to chairman mike tilbrook , the remaining holding ‘ continues to show a useful paper profit ’ ."
dexter guessed she was starting to share the same nagging sense of depression that had afflicted him since the end of the interview with parkin .
